 Menu for 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill in Chula Vista, CA | Sirved --> --> --> --> Get the App --> Go Discover: × Go --> Login Logout --> --> Blog Locations Guides Restaurants near me Claim Your Restaurant Advertise About Us --> Newsroom Contact Us Business Solutions --> Careers --> Restaurant Portal --> LEGAL Privacy Terms & Conditions --> Filters Ok Open Now Cuisine Cuisine Dietary Dietary None Vegetarian Gluten Free Organic Vegan Halal Kosher Menu Type Menu Type Canada Canada Canada & USA USA Canada Sort By Distance Distance Rating Name Distance 100 km Other Other None Delivery Takeout Non-Contact Clear filters --> Home USA California Chula Vista Fetching location ... --> Techumseh, Ontario Essex, Ontario Amherstburg, Ontario LaSalle, Ontario Harrow, Ontario --> --> Get the App --> Login Create Account My Settings My Favourites Logout --> --> --> Overview Menus Photos Reviews Share Share Facebook Twitter Copy Link Looking for chain menus? Browse popular restaurant menus on Sirved . Own this restaurant? Update your listing for free Want more visibility? Get featured on your city page Order delivery / pickup ▾ Call Directions Sirved may earn a commission when you order through links on this page. &times; --> Menu for 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill in Chula Vista, CA 2330 Proctor Valley Rd #101, Chula Vista, CA 91914, USA 4.5 (10) $$ Bookmark Open: 10:00 AM - 2:00 AM Sunday 9:00 AM - 10:00 PM Monday 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM Tuesday 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM Wednesday 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM Thursday 11:00 AM - 1:00 AM Friday 11:00 AM - 2:00 AM Saturday 10:00 AM - 2:00 AM Contact: (619) 207-0366 Cuisines: American North American American North American Explore: All restaurants in Chula Vista, California , Best restaurants in Chula Vista, California , Delivery restaurants in Chula Vista, California , Takeout restaurants in Chula Vista, California , Brunch restaurants in Chula Vista, California , Restaurants open now in Chula Vista, California , Happy hour restaurants in Chula Vista, California Features: Takeout , Delivery , Non-Contact Delivery Known for: Quick bite , Beer , Cocktails , Coffee , Comfort food , Casual , Cozy , Happy hour food , Late-night food , Small plates , Wine , Karaoke , Live performances , Good for watching sport , Wi-Fi , Outdoor seating , Wheelchair accessible entrance , Wheelchair accessible parking lot , Wheelchair accessible restroom , Wheelchair accessible seating , Credit Card Payments , Debit cards , NFC mobile payments , Alcohol , Breakfast , Dessert , Dine-in , Dinner , Staff required to disinfect surfaces between visits , Popular Dinner , Accepts reservations , Food , Food at bar , Bar onsite , Catering , Hard liquor , Curbside pickup , Lunch , Fast service , Popular Lunch , Fireplace , High chairs , Good for groups , Solo dining , Restroom , Seating , Read more Friendly Staff Quick Service --> 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill in Chula Vista, CA, is a American restaurant with average rating of 4.5 stars. Curious? Here’s what other visitors have to say about 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill. Today, 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill will be open from 9:00 AM to 10:00 PM. Don’t wait until it’s too late or too busy. Call ahead and book your table on (619) 207-0366 . Ordering from home? You can order from 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill through Uber Eats or DoorDash . Ready to try them out? Other attributes include: comfort food. Want to try somewhere similar? Check out what HALO HALO CAFE and Pizza Hut have to offer. Have you eaten here before and want to share with others? Leave a review! Would you recommend this restaurant? Recommend Do not recommend Great, why recommend this restaurant? Tasty Food Friendly Staff Cozy Atmosphere Great Menu Amazing Experience Good portions Friendly staff Tasty food Bright Clean Great Atmosphere --> Dang, why not recommend this restaurant? Overpriced Slow Service Uncomfortable Seating Unhygienic Poor Experience How many stars would you give this restaurant? Leave a review Attach --> Post --> --> Additional Information Address 2330 Proctor Valley Rd #101, Chula Vista CA 91914, USA Website www.3n1sportsbarandgrill.com Payment Options Credit, Debit, Apple Pay, Google Pay --> Order from: 3n1sportsbarandgrill.com Social Media: Claim this listing Get featured Sponsor search results Report Issue Incorrect menu for restaurant Out of business Menu is out of date Address incorrect Hours are incorrect Not a restaurant Other Menus Add menus Main Menu View all Menus Photos There are currently no photos. Add photos Reviews Add review 4.5 4.5 --> 4.9 4 Google reviewer 3 years ago 5 Great vibe, came to smoke cigars and watch Sunday football games. Seating was challenging, which is a reflection of the ... regulars and first-time visitors like myself. The smoking area is separate from the other areas (bar & restaurants) hence thename 3N1. Extensive menu, had great ?Cuban coffee?. I spent the entire afternoon here, with many friends coming through toenjoy the vibes. Read more Google reviewer 3 years ago 4 This lounge is relaxing. Nice place to grab a smoke. Get some good food and drinks. If I lived in the area I would go all the ... time. Read more Google reviewer 3 years ago 4 Food was good. Good selection of craft beers in a can. Lots of tvs but the service is sloooooow. took about 35 minutes to get a ... beer and had to constantly check on my orders after that. Read more Google reviewer 3 years ago 3 Overall atmosphere is cool. They got an outdoor spot with heaters and TVs, indoors has plenty of TVs and they played good music ... after the games too.. Food was mediocre for the most part, or maybe we ordered the wrong stuff.. Positives was Babe really likedher Cuban sandwich and sweet potato fries.. Although it was cool not warm and definitely not hot.. Mine was a complete miss, theChopped cheese sandwich was cool to the touch, the tator tots was greasy and cool also. I barely took 3 bites and left 95% ofthe cool tator tots on the plate too.. The Paloma was decent, lemonade was good though and refills on that as long as you askfor them!! Definitely wanted to like this place but hopefully the food is as good as the music next time!! We shall see.. Read more Google reviewer 3 years ago 2 Our party asked for menus.. couldn't get any, only QR codes. We asked for pint glasses...we got plastic cups. It took a long ... time to get our beers as well. The food is pretty okay and the atmosphere is great. My party didn't feel like going backunfortunately. Read more View all reviews Q &amp; A Ask a question Attach --> Post Activity Feed Leave a comment Attach --> Post FAQs When is 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill open? 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill is open on the following days: Monday: 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM Tuesday: 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM Wednesday: 11:00 AM - 11:00 PM Thursday: 11:00 AM - 01:00 AM Friday: 11:00 AM - 02:00 AM Saturday: 10:00 AM - 02:00 AM Sunday: 09:00 AM - 10:00 PM What forms of payment are accepted at 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill? They accept Credit, Debit, Apple Pay and Google Pay at 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill. Does 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill offer delivery? Yes, 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill offers delivery. --> Popular restaurant menus Browse chain menu hubs on Sirved to compare locations, hours, and menu photos. All brand menus McDonald&#039;s menu Cheddar&#039;s menu LongHorn menu Jimmy John&#039;s menu Chick-fil-A menu Salad and Go menu Services --> Blog Newsroom Locations Restaurant Guides Menu Insights Advertise Restaurant Portal Privacy TERMS & CONDITIONS Contact Us RESTAURANTS --> SIRVED is a registered trade-mark of Sirved Mobile Solutions Inc. Copyright © 2026 Sirved Mobile Solutions Inc. v3.0 All rights reserved. Alert &times; 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill menu has been digitised by Sirved. The menu for 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill may have changed since the last user update. Sirved does not guarantee prices or the availability of menu items. Customers are free to download these images, but not use these digital files (watermarked by the Sirved logo) for any commercial purpose, without prior written permission of Sirved. Close --> Success × Close --> × --> --> Login Create Account × Login with Facebook Login with Google OR Forgot password? Don’t have an account yet? Create Account Login Create account with Facebook Create account with Google OR Username must be a minimum of 6 characters and must only contain alphanumeric characters and/or an underscore (_). Password must be a minimum of 6 characters. Create Account Already have an account? Login I have read and agree with the Website and App Terms and Conditions, the Account Terms and Conditions , and the Privacy Policy . I consent to Sirved Mobile Solution Inc. sending me emails, push notifications and other electronic messages which facilitate and promote its products and services and its third party relationships. I understand that I may withdraw any consent at any time by unsubscribing. Back Accept Forgot Password × Verify Email × Close Confirm × Are you sure you want to report this? Yes No Report an issue × First Name: Last Name: Email: Please provide the details: Submit Harbour House Waterfront Eatery × Please rate the following Overall Score Food Quality Service Atmosphere Cleanliness Menu Variety Value Write a review Add Photos Submit your review --> 