 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill, Chula Vista - Restaurant menu, prices and reviews For business Search Chula Vista Where: Find: en Español Русский Log In Home / USA / Chula Vista, California / 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill Add to wishlist Add to compare Share 1162 votes #15 of 311 pubs & bars in Chula Vista Open now 10AM - 2AM Updated 4 days ago All photos Food Interior Drink Exterior Dessert Add a photo 265 photos 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill All photos Food Interior Drink Exterior Dessert Cooks at this bar do their best to provide guests with tasty cheeseburgers , chicken wings and cuban sandwiches . Here you will be offered perfectly cooked biscuits , ice cream and doughnuts . According to the reviewers' opinions, waiters serve good draft beer , wine or craft beer . It's nice to try great coffee . The intimate atmosphere of 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill allows customers to relax after a hard working day. The atmosphere of hospitality of this place highly depends on the staff, that is friendly here. Professional service is something that visitors note in their comments. Here you will pay democratic prices. Clients of this spot are surrounded by the terrific lounge area. Google users awarded this bar 4.5. Read more Hide Best in the city This award is based on the analysis of multiple factors, including reviews, ratings, and user engagement trends on Restaurant Guru. Cosy atmosphere Restaurant menu Frequently mentioned in reviews cigar lounge samantha jessica guest informed the pork belly genuinely prime the neighborhood burgers See all Less Ratings of 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill Foursquare Not rated yet 2 Google (4.5/5) 496 Trip Not rated yet Facebook (4/5) 410 Visitors' reviews on 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill / 391 Search visitors’ reviews Add your review M Request content removal Michael Dew 6 months ago on Google I cant get enough of this place. Cigar lounge with ample food and drink options to boot! Pork belly appetizer is addictive. Lounge chairs are comfy with plenty outdoor seating. Gyro salad... get it. Great selection of cigars to choose from. Support your local! Food: 5 Service: 5 Atmosphere: 5 Meal type: Dinner Price per person: $40–50 Recommendation for vegetarians: Somewhat recommend Vegetarian offerings: Not sure Vegetarian options: Salads, pickles, pretzels, and they maaay have a veggie patty. Parking space: Plenty of parking Parking options: Free of charge parking lot C Request content removal Clint Vizzard 6 months ago on Google Food: 5 Service: 5 Atmosphere: 5 Price per person: $20–30 Parking space: Plenty of parking Parking options: Free of charge parking lot J Request content removal Jward the Foodie 9 months ago on Google The atmosphere: 3N1 sets itself apart by combining the sports-bar vibe with extra amenities like a lounge/cigar area and lots of TVs. Their “neighbourhood place” branding holds up. Smoke/ambience: Because there’s a cigar lounge component, some non-smokers mention that cigar smoke can drift in when doors open/close. If you’re sensitive to smoke, this might be something to note. The Smashburger was really good. Put some red rooster/crystal hotsauce on it and it will take it to the level. 3N1 Sports Bar & Grill is highly recommendable as a place for casual dining, sports-watching socializing, and solid pub food. It might not be your destination for a quiet romantic dinner or fine-dining experience, but if you’re looking for a fun night out with friends, burgers, craft beer, and a lively atmosphere, this is a strong choice. our wage was amazing and she made sure we had everything we needed. She was always available for us. They have a cool cigar room where you can pick a cigar. I should just the outside eating area if you don’t like smoke getting on your clothes. This is my first time and I would not mind going back. They also have someone come to our table and do magic tricks and it was so fun. Food: 5 Service: 5 Atmosphere: 4 Price per person: $30–50 All reviews +1 619-207-0366 Book Order via grubhub American , Pizza , Vegetarian options $ $ $$ Price range per person $20-$30 © OpenStreetMaps contributors 2330 Proctor Valley Rd #101 Chula Vista, California, USA Address 2330 Proctor Valley Rd #101, Chula Vista, California, USA Features Outdoor seating Сredit cards accepted Takeaway Delivery Wi-Fi Booking Wheelchair accessible Parking TV Opening hours Sunday Sun 10AM-10PM Monday Mon 11AM-11PM Tuesday Tue 11AM-11PM Wednesday Wed 11AM-12AM Thursday Thu 11AM-12AM Friday Fri 11AM-2AM Saturday Sat 10AM-2AM Website 3n1sportsbarandgrill.com Instagram @3n1sportsbarandgrill Claim your business Report incorrect information Similar restaurants nearby Sunday Breakfast Society #53 of 452 cafes in Chula Vista Pizzo's Pizzeria and Wine Bar #4 of 108 pizza restaurants in Chula Vista Islands Restaurant Chula Vista #47 of 831 restaurants in Chula Vista IHOP #256 of 831 restaurants in Chula Vista Popular collections including 3N1 Sports Bar &amp; Grill American 88 restaurants See all Tasty dishes in Chula Vista burgers meat chicken cheese cuban sandwiches pastrami beef soup fried fish fish seafood pizza poutine carnitas whiskey ice cream steaks pork greek salad Restaurant features in Chula Vista takeaway great service food delivery lunch friendly staff dinner breakfast great location birthday party outdoor seating cosy atmosphere brunch Updated on: Aug 01, 2026 Advisor Pierre Find your perfect spot with advisor Pierre Copyright © 2026, Restaurant Guru Contact us Request content removal About us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Help Terms of use Cookie policy 